I just feel like we shouldn't shoot for
a while I think we should take a break
you're breaking up with me it's not you
of course it's me it's me I don't like
you anymore
you said that I was your soul mate I did
when when we were at that
bed-and-breakfast you know that that
doesn't watch count we've done with the
relationship thing I'm emotionally
unavailable I'm the most damaged you
know affair no emotions just sex
I guess we should just start bedroom
what's wrong with the couch the bedroom
has better light and since we're just
friends I don't have to be insecure
about my body come on you're beautiful
you have nothing but that sounds
emotionally supportive lock that down
your ass is a little bony that's better
I can work with that should be fine I
don't know what you're doing I can't see
you putting on your black Underpants
Jamie baby I missed you Oh baby aah
did your boobs get bigger it's just sex
that never works now you don't get it
bro
Jamie's different she's no different
what do you know about women you're gay
but the offers still keep rolling in
naturally look at me come with me to LA
you'd be a great distraction for my
family I love you while fast-talking and
brusque like I'm bringing home a carny
are those brains yeah he was going
through a crisscross face
I can't believe used to like though I
didn't like these guys
I even remember don't try to compare us
to was a bad little fad
you never help how close can we get to
the sign this is it all right come on no
no no wait they take this seriously what
see now we're getting too old for this
sex house it will size II feel so
ecology I could sing some Third Eye
Blind okay closing time one last call
for a boat I live in Jersey
thanks taking no ferry what's it's out
to dinner and a show but you stopped by
Hollywood cliché of true love shut up
Katherine Heigl get stupid liar didn't
mess it up it seems you're really into
this guy do you want some motherly love
advice mom what are you doing I'm the
princess and Audrey's my bad little pony
[Music]
oh my god that's good
you